fix(fastapi): context_getter signature to allow Awaitable (#3763)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: patch

> (fix) fastapi: context_getter signature to allow Awaitable

Reviewer: **polish:** 

```suggestion
This release adjusts the `context_getter` attribute from the fastapi `GraphQLRouter`
to accept an async callables.
```
